1. set path of macros in Spock: _MACRO_SERVER.put_property({"MacroPath":["/usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sardana/macroserver/macros/examples"]})
2. Problem: image can not shown in spock. Hinweis:'TypeError: 'figure' is an unknown keyword argument
(For more detailed information type: python_error)'
3. 'plotting_huiling.py' in the folder 'plot_macro' works well. I habe imported matplotlib directly and changed the commands in the method 'random_image'. random_image macro is from: https://github.com/sardana-org/sardana/blob/develop/src/sardana/macroserver/macros/examples/plotting.py.
4. Once we set the path of the macro server in spock, then the macros can be automatic added in the macro server. For example, ask_for_moveable, ask_number_of_points, which can work well. Just the plot function don't work well. 
Question about the path of the macro server:
In fact, I have set the path using  '_MACRO_SERVER.put_property({"MacroPath":["/hone/huiling/sardana/src/sardana/macroserver/macros/examples"]})'. The path of '/hone/huiling/sardana/src/sardana/macroserver/macros/examples" is not the real path from the installed sardana version. It is just a git clone repository from git hub. In the tutorial Macros2, the path is set to the path as '/sardana/src/sardana/macroserver/macros/examples'. And in the tutorial Macros3. The path of the macro server is set by this command: '_MACRO_SERVER.put_property({"MacroPath":["/macros", "/usr/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/sardana/macroserver/macros/examples"]})'. "/macros" is the path of the new custom macros, which we define in the future. The second one is the real path of the sardana installation version. which path should I choose?
5. If the matplotlib or numpy library is not in the macros, then we should try to add them into macros server?
